Updated verifiers docs and tutorials (#42)
HorizenLabs/zkverify-docs: docs/overview/06-verification_pallets/02-zksync_era.md

---
title: ZkSync Era Verifier
---

## [`settlementZksyncPallet`](https://github.com/HorizenLabs/NH-core/tree/main/verifiers/zksync)

### Statement hash components

- context: `keccak256(b"zksync")`
- vk: `keccak256([])`
- pubs: `keccak256(pubs)`

### `Verifier` implementation

This `Verifier` implementation can be used to verify ZkSync-Era proofs; these proofs are generated by Boojum prover that's a
STARK-based proof system. ZkSync-Era roolups generate these proofs and you can verify them on ZkVerify instead of
post them directly on Ethereum.
public inputs: the pallet use [`zksync-era-verifier` crate](https://github.com/HorizenLabs/zksync-era-verifier/tree/v0.1.0)

- `verify_proof()` uses [`zksync-era-verifier` crate](https://github.com/HorizenLabs/zksync-era-verifier/tree/v0.1.0) to deserialize
the proof and then verify them against the given public inputs.
- Define the following types:

    ```rust
    pub type Pubs = [u8; 32];
    pub type Proof = [u8; 1402];
    pub type Vk = ();
    ```

- hash context data is `b"zksync"`
- the pubs bytes are the input ones

#### Note

> In this pallet doesn't have any sense register the verification key before
> to use it in `submitProof` exstrinsic because the only valid one is `()`:
> the void key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this pallet it doesn't make sense to register any verification key, because the only valid one is `()`: the void key.
```
Let's also mention briefly why
